now I'm suffered to keep you laughing
during a lockdown we've called upon some
of Britain's best comics to do something
very special for us strangely I didn't
get the call maybe the BBC haven't got
your phone number
about the same number for 20 years Lenny
maybe the phone signal is not so good in
Bolton they got fruits of pizza here did
they survive you we need to move on
we've been in touch with some of
Britain's top comics to find out how
they're coping in lockdown
here are some stand-ups staying in walk
away paddy walk away not stops easy I
mean a new way around a Buffy's head
before the lockdown but it's just got
worse and it's off e crisps for
breakfast this morning and the clues
that are bomb away are their clothes
that used to fit me they don't fit me
anymore I capsule a reflection in the
mirror from sands of time I remember one
time I run up the stairs naked I got
around applause I would say I'm obsessed
with my kid like obsessed
although addicting people overuse the
term obsessed these days you know like
oh my god I am obsessed with MasterChef
are you Jamie Lee or they just watched
two episodes of bolts of the fennel hmm
that's not a good sign is it I was over
at lady's house before the lockdown you
know oh and I know loves me very much
and she was like Dane I've made you dare
try it tell me what you think and be
honest and I was like are you sure I
should be honest who's that of course
I'm sure you know I love you so I tried
the food and I said it was delicious
nutritious could use a little bit of
salt she was like oh my god you're so
ungrateful
I just I'm making you food you come over
to my house and you know like it needs
salt
get the hell out my house date I was
like hey well you can't down mom I've
had to learn how to start doing some
posh things like having opinions about
wine and that's very difficult for me
because historically I've only ever had
two opinions about wine and they are
this is nice or this will do well here
we are in my kitchen I've got a picture
of my mom on my fridge there it is I'm
raising a mixed-race child yeah thank
you thank you I'm from North London
that's some South London what making it
work what would you call an Asian
archaeologists Indian Jones there are
two types of people on lockdown and
we're living with each other there's my
team the meerkats with Springs attached
to our bodies bouncing up and down doing
the Joe week's workout everyday running
up and down the stairs doing for loads
of washing planning tidying organizing
and then there's the other group the
people we live with laid-back did
Buddhism when they were 17 don't let
things stress you here's a stock to mess
up your day your sock dropping didn't
pick up butter from the shop dirty
toilet idiots oh well our date with a
girl called simile I don't know what a
metaphor
what a time we're having there I mean
it's the biggest change any of us have
seen since they started something gin
and tonics in this oversized wine
glasses if you are wondering how I got
disabled it's because I didn't forward
that chain email to ten of my closest
friends when I was younger when I
realized I'd never be able to talk again
I was speechless it turns out a church
is a great venue for a comedy kick which
makes sense on a structural level
resultantly church is a building that's
designed for people to speak in and for
other people to listen to them
appreciate that speech but also I think
it's nice occasionally for somebody to
speak in a church who looks more like
Jesus than any picture of Jesus you've
ever seen in your entire life I think
when Jesus has been crucified he thought
well at least they'll remember what race
I am
no they won't Jesus you're gonna have
blonde hair and blue eyes before they've
dragged you down off that thing poor
Jesus he went up there a Middle Eastern
man he came down looking like the bass
player from an indie rock group in the
early noughties poor Jesus from the king
of kings to a king of Liang bi everyone
look after yourselves because remember
in the end the truth is disorder this
was created as part of the being 19th we
hope you like the videos and we also
hope that you click the link below and
make a donation because right now our
charities up and down the UK and
providing urgent and essential help to
those most in need so hopefully if we
can hand in your pocket and give what
you can
thank you